1. My best ideas at work come from
  a - an interchange of ideas and sharing with others.
  b - quiet thought on my own.

2. When I run a meeting, I am usually
  a - disciplined about following my prepared agenda.
  b - flexible and open to whatever comes up.

3. When handling a subordinate's development, I am most likely to 
  a - discuss a problem I have with his or her behavior.
  b - dislike telling him or her unpleasant things.

4. I prefer the place I work to be
  a - structured with clear rules and regulations.
  b - more open-ended and laissez-faire.

5. I would rather have a supervisor with whom I have
  a - a lot of day-by-day interaction.
  b - only infrequent interaction.

6. I prefer meetings where most time is spent on
  a - the application of the ideas discussed.
  b - the ideas themselves.

7. I prefer a work environment where
  a - frequent differences of opinion breed interesting discussions and ideas.
  b - conflict is reduced by avoiding discussions about differences of opinion.

8. I prefer projects at work
  a - to be well-defined and planned out.
  b - to allow for flexible interpretation.

9. I prefer to spend my lunch hour
  a - eating with a group.
  b - eating alone or with one close colleague.

10. If my boss gives me a difficult task, I usually
  a - collect as much information as possible before starting.
  b - dive in and rely on my ability to work things out.

11. In a performance appraisal, I prefer my boss to write that I am
  a - intelligent and reasonable.
  b - warm and personable.

12. I prefer to 
  a - plan my workday carefully in advance.
  b - let the day progress and see how things turn out.

13. I more often prefer to keep my office door
  a - open.
  b - closed.

14. When a new idea flashes into my mind, I usually
  a - like to test if carefully before I get excited.
  b - get excited and want to follow through quickly.

15. In a team meeting, I prefer to emphasize
  a - an analytical discussion of the facts.
  b - a discussion of the values involved.

16. I prefer a job in which the rewards are
  a - seen clearly in regular periods.
  b - stretched out over long periods of time.

17. I dress for work
  a - so that other people notice and admire my clothing.
  b - in a way that blends in with the norm.

18. When I solve problems, I am more likely to 
  a - give most weight to the facts in front of me.
  b - explore the full range of possibilities.

19. If I have to confront colleagues or subordinates, I am usually
  a - interested in making sure I give them the facts accurately.
  b - more interested in making sure I don't hurt their feelings.

20. I would rather have a boss who
  a - provides a lot of structure and organization.
  b - leaves me to do things however they work best for me.

21. I prefer most of my jobs at work to be
  a - a continuing series of short tasks.
  b - long projects on which I can concentrate my efforts.

22. When I write a report, I usually think first of 
  a - the details.
  b - the big picture.

23. When I have a decision to make at work, I usually
  a - reason it through regardless of my feelings.
  b - consider my feelings to be very important.

24. I prefer my own office to be one in which
  a - things are olderly, organized, and systematic.
  b - there is a creative array of projects, papers, and books.

25. When I have lunch with my colleagues, I would rather
  a - talk about people.
  b - talk about ideas.

26. I would rather have my boss trust me with
  a - practical problems to solve.
  b - policy problems to solve.

27. When faced with a decision at work, I usually prefer to 
  a - think things through.
  b - trust my gut feelings.

28. I prefer the work I do every day to 
  a - be continuous and relatively predictable.
  b - have frequent changes in activities and schedules.

29. When I have to organize and run a meeting, I more often
  a - feel satisfied that I have the opportunity to lead.
  b - prefer that someone else had the responsibility.

30. If I were asked to prepare a strategic plan, I would be more likely to 
  a - emphasize what is practical now.
  b - orient the plan toward future possibilities.

31. When faced with a decision at work, I usually
  a - focus on the facts and figures above all.
  b - give careful attention to people's feelings.

32. When my boss gives me a new project, I usually prefer
  a - a clear statement of what is expected.
  b - to be left to work it out the way I want.

33. I prefer to have
  a - a large group of colleagues at work.
  b - a few colleagues that I know well.

34. In one-on-one meetings, I am more likely to 
  a - listen quietly and absorb details.
  b - anticipate the speaker's words and interject.

35. If someone argues with a policy or decision I make, I usually
  a - remain firm.
  b - seek to avoid unpleasantness, anger, and disharmony.

36. When I have made a tough choice at work, I usually
  a - am satisfied that it is done.
  b - wish that I could remain open to other alternatives.

37. When I attend a company outing, I usually
  a - walk around and meet people I may not know well.
  b - hang out with the colleagues I know best.

38. I think my colleagues see me more
  a - as a here-and-now person.
  b - as someone with an orientation toward the future.

39. When I have a long and complex report to read, I am more likely to 
  a - be patient and study the details.
  b - try to get the general ideas and see how I feel about them.

40. I prefer my work environment to be 
  a - comfortable, predictable, and stable.
  b - flexible and changing.

41. My colleagues at work are more likely to describe me as 
  a - an energetic team player.
  b - a quiet and thoughtful employee.

42. When I prepare a presentation, I prefer to emphasize
  a - the use of real facts from my own experience.
  b - the discussion of ideas and concepts.

43. I prefer to work with colleagues who
  a - rely heavily on logic.
  b - look more often to their feelings.

44. If someone on my team is late with a scheduled task, I usually
  a - get impatient and annoyed.
  b - look for ways to stretch the deadlines.

45. When I attend a training session, I am more likely to 
  a - participate openly and actively.
  b - let others take the active role.

46. When colleagues and subordinates present ideas to me, I am usually more interested in 
  a - immediately useful ideas.
  b - ideas with innovative approaches.

47. If I have to deal with a colleague's feelings, I prefer to be 
  a - truthful even if I can't be tactful.
  b - tactful, even if I can't tell the truth.

48. I prefer projects that 
  a - have a clear ending date when I know they will be finished.
  b - may remain open-ended to ensure that all bases are covered.

49. When I have a decision to make at work, I more often
  a - talk it over with a number of people before I decide.
  b - spend most of my time working it out in my own head.

50. I prefer a job where I can 
  a - use my experience to work at familiar tasks.
  b - confront ideas and problems that are new to me.

51. When I am at a meeting and a difference of opinion gets heated, I usually
  a - defend the side I think is most logical.
  b - try to create a harmonious atmosphere and solution.

52. When I get a new project, I usually prefer to 
  a - get to it and complete it as quickly as possible.
  b - move as slowly as allowable and explore various approaches.

53. I am more interested in 
  a - the actual tasks I am doing day-by-day.
  b - the thoughts I have about my work.

54. When I attend a training session, I usually prefer
  a - experiential processes.
  b - information and abstractions.

55. When I have a meeting with a colleague, I usually
  a - get through it quickly in a businesslike manner.
  b - linger over the sociable interaction.

56. I would rather be in a job with 
  a - activities requiring me to reach a conclusion.
  b - activities that allow me to stay open to my experience.

57. When I ask a colleague for advice or help, I am usually
  a - comfortable.
  b - somewhat ill at ease.

58. In a meeting or when reading a report, I am more likely to 
  a - remember the facts presented.
  b - remember mostly the concepts presented.

59. When colleagues ask my advice about a work matter, I more often
  a - guide them toward a decision based purely on logic.
  b - help them explore the values and policies in the situation.

60. When I am in a meeting, I am usually more interested in 
  a - getting the job done as quickly as possible.
  b - spending time making sure everyone gets heard.

61. When I am interrupted in the middle of a tough job, I usually
  a - welcome the opportunity to talk to someone.
  b - prefer to be left alone with my thoughts.

62. When I read a report, I usually go first to 
  a - the body of detailed information.
  b - the summary or executive overview.

63. When I am putting forward a new idea at work, I more often
  a - remain firm about the correctness of it.
  b - try to persuade others by appealing to their sense of value.

64. If my boss insists that I schedule my workday, I feel
  a - satisfied I am organized.
  b - uncomfortable that I am constrained.

65. When I am at a meeting and someone tells a joke, I usually
  a - laugh and think of one to tell.
  b - enjoy the joke quietly.

66. In a performance appraisal, it would be more accurate if my boss said I was 
  a - practical.
  b - imaginative.

67. I am usually more interested in how my colleagues
  a - think about problems.
  b - feel about problems.

68. When a new and unusual policy announcement is issued at work, I am usually
  a - annoyed or otherwise upset at the changes.
  b - interested in seeing how I will handle the new environment.

69. In a meeting, I usually
  a - speak out directly when I want to.
  b - wait until I am asked directly before I speak.

70. When I start a new project, I usually
  a - write a step-by-step plan early in the process.
  b - wait and see how things develop before planning.

71. When I hear a presentation from a colleague, I am more likely to be
  a - openly and intellectually critical.
  b - careful in voicing my opinions, especially when I disagree.

72. If they couldn't be both, I would rather have colleagues who are 
  a - well-organized.
  b - spontaneous.

73. I would prefer to work in a company where
  a - everyone works together in an open, active environment.
  b - people work independently in their own spaces.

74. I more often seek out work that applies
  a - my practical skills and nature.
  b - my ability to create new ideas and things.

75. When I have to make a decision at work, I am more likely to 
  a - analyze the situation logically without considering my values and feelings.
  b - put a strong emphasis on applying my values and feelings to the solution.

76. When I present my views in a meeting, I am usually
  a - decisive.
  b - open to having others suggest changes and other views.

77. When I need to pass on an idea or information, I prefer to 
  a - talk directly to people about it.
  b - put it in writing.

78. My leadership style is best described as 
  a - practical.
  b - visionary.

79. In a performance appraisal meeting, I am usually more likely to 
  a - be frank and honest regardless of feelings.
  b - try to smooth over any problems and avoid hurt feelings.

80. When I am discussing an important issue at a meeting, I usually
  a - try to reach a definite conclusion quickly.
  b - keep the options open.

81. I enjoy more
  a - a workday filled with variety and interactions with others.
  b - working without interacting with others for long periods of time.

82. I prefer a work situation that is
  a - stable with little change.
  b - full of change.

83. My colleagues would be more likely to describe my behavior at work as 
  a - cool, calm, and objective.
  b - warm and feeling.

84. At work, I prefer projects
  a - on which I work quickly to make a short deadline.
  b - that have longer and more flexible deadlines.

85. When I am in a meeting with colleagues and a high-ranking manager or executive comes in, I usually
  a - greet the person in a comfortable and friendly way.
  b - wait until I see how others react to him or her.

86. When I think of my most important work assets, they are 
  a - more in the realm of the practical.
  b - more inclined toward the realm of ideas.

87. In a training session or course, I prefer a trainer who depends more on
  a - precision and logic.
  b - emotion and experience.

88. I usually push my colleagues or subordinates for 
  a - quick decisions.
  b - thorough review, even at the risk of delaying decisions.
